Itaka
Version 0.1

http://itaka.jardinpresente.com.ar

CONTENTS:
---------
1. ABOUT ITAKA
2. REQUIRED LIBRARIES
3. INSTALLATION
4. DEBIAN PACKAGE
5. DOCUMENTATION
6. HACKING
7. RELEASE NOTES
8. PROGRAM CREDITS

1. ABOUT ITAKA:

Itaka is an on-demand screen capture server for Windows, Mac Os X and Linux. It is developed in Python, PyGTK and the Twisted Framework. It prominently features a polished easy to use interface, with a robust backend server.

2. REQUIRED LIBRARIES:

Itaka requires the following programs/libraries.

- Python 2.3 or higher
- PyGTK 2.10.0 or higher
- Twisted 2.2.0 or higher

- GTK 2.10 or higher

3. INSTALLATION:

Itaka needs to be installed as the root user.

Unpack and install the Itaka tarball using these commands:

   'tar -xjvf <packagename>.tar.bz2'

Switch to the newly created directory and type 'make install' as root and the 
Makefile will copy the files to the correct location in your system. You do not 
need to configure or compile Itaka as it is written in interpreted Python code.

To uninstall, once again as root type 'make uninstall'

4. DEBIAN PACKAGE:

To create the Debian package simply do:

    cp Makefile Makefile.dist
    cp Makefile.debian Makefile

    # Make sure you have your gpg keys and debian development environment correctly setup
    debuild

5. DOCUMENTATION:

Itaka uses Epytext Markup Language to comment its code. 

You can ownload epydoc from http://epydoc.sourceforge.net/

You can generate documentation using epydoc.

mkdir doc
epydoc --html -o doc -n Itaka -u "http://itaka.jardinpresente.com.ar" *.py

6. HACKING

If you intend to change Itaka source coude, please read the HACKING file.

Any questions should be emailed to me directly.

7. RELEASE NOTES:

This is the second release of Itaka. 

See ChangeLog for more detailed information.

Donations for this software would be greatly appreciated. This software is 
totally free, but sending a few dollars via PayPal would bring you good karma,
and it'll also mean you'll get extra Developer Suck-Up and support.
Plus, it will ensure that I have enough caffeine to develop new 
versions.

Please visit http://itaka.jardinpresente.com.ar to donate.

This program was developed under Ubuntu GNU/Linux and is released under the GPL license.

See COPYING file for further license information

8. PROGRAM CREDITS:

Special thanks to James Henstridge for the excellent Python-GTK bindings and 
their equally excellent documentation.

Thanks to the #pygtk and #gtk+ channels on irc.gimp.org and the #python and #twisted channels on 
irc.freenode.net for their help.

Thanks to Nahuel M. for his continuing support and inspiration.

Itaka's icon is based upon the work of the Tango Project and is follows their licensing.

This README file and the Makefile are based on the works of the BloGTK project (http://blogtk.sourceforge.net)

Thanks to all Itaka users for bug reports, feature requests, and their support 
of this application.

See AUTHORS and COPYRIGHT files for further credit information.
